feat: Clarify the "Not yet categorized" state of security isssues (#2033)
codacy/docs: docs/organizations/managing-security-and-risk.md

## Supported security categories

!!! note

>     Due to a recent update, some issues may be temporarily assigned the **Not yet categorized** category. To categorize these issues, you can [reanalyze the default branch of the relevant repository](../faq/repositories/how-do-i-reanalyze-my-repository.md#reanalyzing-a-branch).

Reviewer: "Due to a recent update" is a bit vague... If we know the cause, any reason for omitting it?
I leave a suggestion for rephrasing, feel free to change it.

Also, I don't see a particular reason to place this admonition before the table, as it doesn't impact any procedure. I see it more as additional information to the "official" list of categories, thus it would fit well after the table. WDYT?

```suggestion
    Issues detected before the Security and risk management launch will be temporarily set with the **Not yet categorized** category. To categorize these issues, [reanalyze the default branch of the relevant repository](../faq/repositories/how-do-i-reanalyze-my-repository.md#reanalyzing-a-branch).
```

Author: The issue is that these issues were not detected before SRM was launched, but before we added the new category filters (about a week ago).
This is an internal implementation detail. In my opinion, explaining this to the user would take a very long sentence and wouldn't give much value. I assume the user is not interested in the *why*, but in *what to do* about it.

OK for moving this after the table 👍

Reviewer: Fair enough. 😄
